c:\Users\dsoverby1986\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drums\WinDrums\bin\Debug\WinDrums.exe.config
c:\Users\dsoverby1986\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drums\WinDrums\obj\Debug\WinDrums.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\dsoverby1986\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drums\WinDrums\obj\Debug\WinDrums.Form1.resources
c:\Users\dsoverby1986\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drums\WinDrums\obj\Debug\WinDrums.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\dsoverby1986\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drums\WinDrums\obj\Debug\WinDrums.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\dsoverby1986\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drums\WinDrums\bin\Debug\WinDrums.exe
c:\Users\dsoverby1986\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drums\WinDrums\bin\Debug\WinDrums.pdb
c:\Users\dsoverby1986\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drums\WinDrums\obj\Debug\WinDrums.exe
c:\Users\dsoverby1986\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drums\WinDrums\obj\Debug\WinDrums.pdb
c:\Users\dsoverby1986\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drums\WinDrums\bin\Debug\Sanford.Collections.dll
c:\Users\dsoverby1986\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drums\WinDrums\bin\Debug\Sanford.Multimedia.dll
c:\Users\dsoverby1986\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drums\WinDrums\bin\Debug\Sanford.Multimedia.Midi.dll
c:\Users\dsoverby1986\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drums\WinDrums\bin\Debug\Sanford.Multimedia.Timers.dll
c:\Users\dsoverby1986\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drums\WinDrums\bin\Debug\Sanford.Threading.dll
c:\Users\dsoverby1986\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drums\WinDrums\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.dll
c:\Users\dsoverby1986\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drums\WinDrums\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
c:\Users\dsoverby1986\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drums\WinDrums\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
c:\Users\dsoverby1986\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drums\WinDrums\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.dll
c:\Users\dsoverby1986\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drums\WinDrums\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.xml
c:\Users\dsoverby1986\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drums\WinDrums\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
c:\Users\dsoverby1986\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drums\WinDrums\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
c:\Users\dsoverby1986\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drums\WinDrums\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.xml
D:\code\MidiSequencer\WinDrums\bin\Debug\WinDrums.exe.config
D:\code\MidiSequencer\WinDrums\obj\Debug\WinDrums.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\code\MidiSequencer\WinDrums\obj\Debug\WinDrums.Form1.resources
D:\code\MidiSequencer\WinDrums\obj\Debug\WinDrums.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\code\MidiSequencer\WinDrums\obj\Debug\WinDrums.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\code\MidiSequencer\WinDrums\bin\Debug\WinDrums.exe
D:\code\MidiSequencer\WinDrums\bin\Debug\WinDrums.pdb
D:\code\MidiSequencer\WinDrums\bin\Debug\Sanford.Collections.dll
D:\code\MidiSequencer\WinDrums\bin\Debug\Sanford.Multimedia.dll
D:\code\MidiSequencer\WinDrums\bin\Debug\Sanford.Multimedia.Midi.dll
D:\code\MidiSequencer\WinDrums\bin\Debug\Sanford.Multimedia.Timers.dll
D:\code\MidiSequencer\WinDrums\bin\Debug\Sanford.Threading.dll
D:\code\MidiSequencer\WinDrums\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.dll
D:\code\MidiSequencer\WinDrums\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
D:\code\MidiSequencer\WinDrums\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
D:\code\MidiSequencer\WinDrums\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.dll
D:\code\MidiSequencer\WinDrums\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.xml
D:\code\MidiSequencer\WinDrums\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
D:\code\MidiSequencer\WinDrums\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
D:\code\MidiSequencer\WinDrums\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.xml
D:\code\MidiSequencer\WinDrums\obj\Debug\WinDrums.exe
D:\code\MidiSequencer\WinDrums\obj\Debug\WinDrums.pdb
D:\Code\MidiSequencer\WinDrums\bin\Debug\CoreTechs.Common.dll
D:\Code\MidiSequencer\WinDrums\bin\Debug\CoreTechs.Common.pdb
